README.md, before:

# Satella Jailed

For, um, educational purposes only or something. Definitely *don't* use this to pirate in-app purchases in apps to which you don't have legal rights.

A modern in-app purchase cracker built for sideloaded applications, especially on unjailbroken devices. If you want to crack in-app purchases on jailbroken devices, including for sideloaded apps, try [Satella 2][1]

## Usage
1. Download Satella.dylib from here
2. Obtain a **decrypted** .ipa of your target app
3. Patch the .ipa to include Satella.dylib
4. Sideload the patched .ipa to your device
5. Attempt to make an in-app purchase, then cancel on the popup

Alternatively:
1. Link your device to [AppDB][2] 
2. Enable the in-app purchase patch and install an app
3. Attempt to make an in-app purchase, then cancel on the popup

You can also access Satella Jailed’s preferences by long-pressing with two fingers inside an app. By default, receipts and observer are disabled.

## Credits

**ZonD80** The idea
**Meep Meep, Nya, Shouri10, Slowie, and Sudo** Private beta testing
**AppDB** On-device patching method
**Artem Kasper** Help with preferences

[1]:	https://github.com/Paisseon/Satella2
[2]:	https://appdb.to/?ref=cb9904cc802fa5380a7aa4c35fe0d0c1

Commit message:

Untested beta version
Couldn't get testers, theoretically should work.

README.md, after:

# Satella Jailed

For, um, educational purposes only or something. Definitely *don't* use this to pirate in-app purchases in apps to which you don't have legal rights.

A modern in-app purchase cracker built for sideloaded applications, especially on unjailbroken devices. If you want to crack in-app purchases on jailbroken devices, including for sideloaded apps, try [Satella 2][1]

## Manual Method

1. Obtain a *decrypted* .ipa of your target app
2. `git clone https://github.com/Paisseon/SatellaJailed.git`
3. `cd SatellaJailed && sh patch.sh <iOS version: 12, 13, 14, or 15>`. Optional arguments are -i for input file and -o for output file.
4. Sideload the patched .ipa to your device

## AppDB Method

1. Link your device to [AppDB][2] 
2. Enable the in-app purchase patch
3. Install an app that has in-app purchases

Now you can make fake purchases without a jailbreak! Just attempt a purchase and cancel on the popup. You can also access Satella Jailed’s preferences by long-pressing with two fingers inside an app if you are on iOS 13 or higher.

[1]:	https://github.com/Paisseon/Satella2
[2]:	https://appdb.to/?ref=cb9904cc802fa5380a7aa4c35fe0d0c1
